Matter: update Thread section (#31138)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/matter.markdown

Home Assistant is a so-called "_controller_" in a Matter ecosystem, meaning that it can control Matter-based devices. Other examples of Matter controllers are the Google Nest products, Apple HomePod speakers, Samsung SmartThings Station, and some newer Amazon Echo devices.

## What does Thread have to do with Matter?

> {% term Thread %} is a low power radio mesh networking technology. Much like Zigbee, but with the key difference that it is _IP-addressable_, making it the perfect companion transport protocol for Matter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% term Thread %} is a low power radio mesh networking technology. Much like Zigbee, but with the key difference that it is _IP-addressable_, making it a suitable transport protocol option for Matter.
```

> The figure below illustrates the landscape of {% term Matter %}, {% term Thread %}, and Border routers. Instead of Matter, you could also see another protocol here, such as HomeKit. The Thread border router forwards traffic from the devices in the Thread network to devices outside that network.

Reviewer: I think in this context I'd leave out HomeKit. We will inform users below again that Thread doesn't necessarily mean that a device is also using the Matter smart home protocol.

```suggestion
The figure below illustrates the landscape of {% term Matter %}, {% term Thread %}, and Border routers. The Thread border router forwards traffic from the devices in the Thread network to devices outside that network.
```
